Knife ambulances for band promotes
orbital recession of 60 and with the vacancy
zé povinho is the silkworm curse is
bad use is an old collegiate decision
of course
you have an impression off of the editor
of courses on this lot positively is not
required
sofia and you as world total where
overcrowding of the saints son called
the concessions were noticed fulfilled already
that the latter is always this estate
also left what they give you the most
with 11 units of video is a signal
place but they managed to days
necessary scholarships have been running January
February March April and May 11
difficult to give rise to too much pressure
great to have done right
It's June this month we can not
is not only to pay for services, but also to
for the common ones and even so I want to yes
had a positive influence on this
you
the farm will have the money to pay
spent only now in the month of July.
June is to follow contains we are
going well in the middle of the year is that we
we have a real vision of how much
your touches inside the university
the man is officially reconnected
personify the cut of interest and
to invest in new works of pablo
the cuts of 10%
I liked it and 47%
everything is in the capital
good character is worrisome because we
does not have solutions absorbed sweat always
judge care is to avoid the crisis
financial situation of our country but not
we can be content with efforts in this
used in our sensation of 12
and the funding of the chance to reverse
this situation
talk of 8 million people should not
to be more or less is that the decree of 1.5
in the eyes if the cut of one of the
eight targets that the government announced that
three times greater than October November and
December
so we do not have the resources for three
months
the park in the middle of the world of luck
God from the moment the contrast
white asphalt
and then people can finally see it in the video
we are going through a crisis
very large in the budget to
university was in the national
I think the two of them can
organize themselves to mobilize
before these crisis come people
More specifically create
conditions to hit there before it arises
more generally affect us and
people are working a lot of worry
We have a sweet one of 24 lessons with
all our guidelines in detail
is available on the movement page
how to focus and is very expensive for example
We are here in the building
that the security guards themselves
are here that are outsourced are
with their back wages on the service and
That's why we call them the
students strengthen the other is to
We'll have another round tomorrow.
of feitoria negotiations that is very
excessive
the business round will be tomorrow of
morning
We'll spread it.
the body part outside
today I had to hold an assembly in
occupation
to return they will respond in charge and
We make it clear that we are not
speaking of goals and claims
places in which the sectors of
university can survive with
quality makes it clear that a
message the occupation is in motion
autonomous free
occupation continues inside or outside the
River law will leave the hotel on land
soybean in the square and will ask for
goal came because what holds
Do you feel a day of struggle against
reduction of legal age that
government cuts
I know what we must preserve
path spokesperson
this is it that only the rain is greater